Update resources for Chef Infra Client 15.5 (#2195)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/resource_windows_package.rst

``remote_file_attributes``
   **Ruby Type:** Hash

>    If the source package to install is at a remote location this property allows you to define a hash of properties and their value which will be used by the underlying remote_file resource, which fetches the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This property allows you to define a hash of properties and their value if the source package to be installed is at a remote location. This hash will be used by the underlying **remote_file** resource which will fetch the source package.
```
